Project: Job search.
Part 1. Subject Area Analysis (individual topic, teamwork)
Goal: to perform a first step of database design - Subject Area Analysis.
Task: to make a description of a future database according to the following plan.
Topic of the database is according to the individual task. Note: the database should
contain minimum 10 entities (tables).
Plan:
1. Describe in detail what information will be stored in a future database.
In our program, we will solve the biggest problem in Kazakhstan now. It is about unemployment. In this program, the job search process will be carried out.
2. List all entities and attributes (tables and columns) in the required format.
Every entity should have a Primary key, underline it in the description. Note: the
database should contain minimum 10 entities.
1.	Register_data (user_id, name, lastname, login, password, phone, email)
2.	Profiles(profile_id, first_name, lastname, avatar, email)
3.	Jobs (job_id, job_name, category, salary, min_experience, description, job_language, schedule)
4.	Chosen(chosen_id, job_name, vacancies, subscriptions)
5.	Articles (articl_id, arcticl_name, text, date)
6.	Professions (profession_id, prof_name,  job_name)
7.	Summaries(summary_id, profession,  education, languages, nation, dob, experience, skills, region)
8.	Questions(quest_id, question)
9.	Answers(answ_id,  answer)
10.	Contacts(cont_id, email, phone_number, whatsapp, facebook, instagram)
3. List and describe all relationships between entities.
Relationship 1: Jobs and Chosen
One job can be in one chosen, and one chosen can contain many jobs
Relationship 2:  Profiles and Jobs
One profile can search many jobs, and one job can have many profiles
Relationship 3: Summaries and Professions
One summary can be in one profession, and one profession can contain many summaries
Relationship 4: Profiles and Summaries
One profile can have many summaries, and one summary can be in one profiles
Relationship 5: Questions and Answers
One question can have one answer, and one answer can be only for one question.
Relationship 6: Jobs and Contacts
One job can have many contacts, and one contact only for one job

4. List all constraints (3-5 will be enough).
Note: constraints should only apply to the information that is stored in the database,
otherwise they cannot be implemented.
1.	To register for the program, the age must be 18 or over 18;
2.	Every people can submit an application to own profession;
3.	Only one account for each user;
4.	Every user can create many summaries that related to their profession;
5. Specify all groups of users and their access rights (2 will be enough).
User_group_1.Profile.Access rights: FAQ (read_write)
User_group_2.Profile.Access rights: Chosen (view_change)
User_group_3.Profile.Access rights: Article (read_only)
User_group_4.Profile.Access rights: Summary(view_change)
6. List all potential queries from users (10-15 will be enough).
1.	Show all profiles 
2.	Show all jobs by profession
3.	Show summaries by profession
4.	Show  FAQ(Frequently asked questions)
5.	Show all articles
6.	Show all professions
7.	Show articles by date
8.	Show jobs dependent language
9.	Show jobs from their salary
10.	Show summaries by education and region
